README.md, before:

# README
These are the files for the book [Learn to Code with Basketball](https://codebasketball.com).

If you're not familiar with Git or GitHub, no problem. Just click the `Source
code` link under the latest release to download the files.  This will download
a file called `code-basketball-files-vX.X.X.zip`, where X.X.X is the latest
version.

When you unzip these (note in the book I've dropped the version number and
renamed the directory just `code-basketball-files`, which you can do too)
you'll see four sub-directories: `code`, `data`, `anki`,
`solutions-to-excercises`.

You don't have to do anything with these right now except know where you put
them. For example, on my mac, I have them in my home directory:

`/Users/nathanbraun/code-basketball-files`

If I were using Windows, it might look like this:

`C:\Users\nathanbraun\code-basketball-files`

Set these aside for now and we'll pick them up in chapter 2.

## Changelog
### v0.3.0 (2024-05-01)
Updated the API chapter again since to reflect fact [Ball Don't
Lie](https://www.balldontlie.io/#introduction) now requires making a free
account (it's easy to do). 

### v0.2.0 (2024-02-07)
Updated the API chapter since the old API stopped working. Now using [Ball
Don't Lie](https://www.balldontlie.io/#introduction). Fixed some typos (thanks
Alex!)

### v0.1.4 (2023-12-01)
Fixed some typos and updates (thanks Alex!)

### v0.1.3 (2023-11-15)
Fixed some typos.

### v0.1.1 (2023-09-21)
Minor clarify fix to exercise 3.0.x (thanks Terence!)

### v0.1.0 (2023-04-21)
Heard from a reader (thanks Arnold!) that some of the nbasense API endpoints no
longer worked, and updated the book to use only the ones that do. Doesn't
impact things too much since this was mainly for demonstration purposes.

### v0.0.4 (2022-12-16)
Fixed a few typos (thanks Victor!)

### v0.0.3 (2022-12-02)
Minor rewording.

### v0.0.2 (2022-07-27)
Fix minor typo.

### v0.0.1 (2022-07-22)
Adding this README!

Commit message:

fix: update seaborn code to remove misc warnings

README.md, after:

# README
These are the files for the book [Learn to Code with Basketball](https://codebasketball.com).

If you're not familiar with Git or GitHub, no problem. Just click the `Source
code` link under the latest release to download the files.  This will download
a file called `code-basketball-files-vX.X.X.zip`, where X.X.X is the latest
version.

When you unzip these (note in the book I've dropped the version number and
renamed the directory just `code-basketball-files`, which you can do too)
you'll see four sub-directories: `code`, `data`, `anki`,
`solutions-to-excercises`.

You don't have to do anything with these right now except know where you put
them. For example, on my mac, I have them in my home directory:

`/Users/nathanbraun/code-basketball-files`

If I were using Windows, it might look like this:

`C:\Users\nathanbraun\code-basketball-files`

Set these aside for now and we'll pick them up in chapter 2.

## Changelog
### v0.4.0 (2024-06-18)
Updated the seaborn chapter to avoid misc warnings.

### v0.3.0 (2024-05-01)
Updated the API chapter again since to reflect fact [Ball Don't
Lie](https://www.balldontlie.io/#introduction) now requires making a free
account (it's easy to do). 

### v0.2.0 (2024-02-07)
Updated the API chapter since the old API stopped working. Now using [Ball
Don't Lie](https://www.balldontlie.io/#introduction). Fixed some typos (thanks
Alex!)

### v0.1.4 (2023-12-01)
Fixed some typos and updates (thanks Alex!)

### v0.1.3 (2023-11-15)
Fixed some typos.

### v0.1.1 (2023-09-21)
Minor clarify fix to exercise 3.0.x (thanks Terence!)

### v0.1.0 (2023-04-21)
Heard from a reader (thanks Arnold!) that some of the nbasense API endpoints no
longer worked, and updated the book to use only the ones that do. Doesn't
impact things too much since this was mainly for demonstration purposes.

### v0.0.4 (2022-12-16)
Fixed a few typos (thanks Victor!)

### v0.0.3 (2022-12-02)
Minor rewording.

### v0.0.2 (2022-07-27)
Fix minor typo.

### v0.0.1 (2022-07-22)
Adding this README!
